@node News
@chapter News

@section Version 0.3 Series

The program has been rewritten in C++ and its implementation has been
considerably simplified.  We hope that this reimplementation makes the
system more maintainable.  Many more features have been implemented.

The oclvp file format has been rewritten and expanded.

We now support hierarchical state machines and all pseudostate kinds.

A new XMI parser has been implemented.  It does not use XSLT anymore.
This speeds processing of XMI files a lot.

The new XML parser does not build a DOM tree anymore.  This saves a
lot of memory, because especially XMI files tend to be huge.






@section Version 0.1 Series

The version 0.1 series consists of development snapshots towards a
feature complete release which can be used for testing.





@subsection Changes in Version 0.1.6

@itemize @bullet
@item
We use the new semantics defined in @file{TACOS.pvs} and @file{TACOSKL.pvs}
from Mark van der Zwaag.  The translation has been updated to this new
version.

@item
In the PVS representation of the kernel language changed the actions
to lists of actions.  The same was changed in the semantics.
Groups of actions are now properly translated.

@item
Initial translation of collection literals has been started.  This
currently works only for Set.  The implementation includes quantification
and projection.

@item
The user's guide has been improved.

@item
Many errors have been corrected and the memory footprint has been reduced.
Most memory leaks have been closed.
@end itemize

This version was released on XXX.



@subsection Changes in Version 0.1.5

@itemize @bullet
@item Many errors have been corrected.

@end itemize

This version was released on September 5, 2003.



@subsection Changes in Version 0.1.4

@itemize @bullet
@item Many errors have been corrected.

@end itemize

This version was released on August 27, 2003.



@subsection Changes in Version 0.1.3

This version was the initial release of @command{xmi2pvs}.  It has been
released on August 19, 2003
