\input texinfo	@c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@documentlanguage en
@setfilename oclvp.info
@settitle OCL Verification Platform
@c %**end of header
@afourpaper
@include version.texi

@copying
This manual is describing the OCL Verification Platform
(version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}).

Copyright @copyright{} 2005 Marcel Kyas.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with the Front-Cover texts being ``A GNU Manual,''
and with the Back-Cover Texts as in (a) below.  A copy of the
license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free Documentation
License.''

(a) The FSF's Back-Cover Text is: ``You have freedom to copy and modify
this GNU Manual, like GNU software.  Copies published by the Free
Software Foundation raise funds for GNU development.''
@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory UML
@direntry
* oclvp:: The OCL Verification Platform.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title @command{OCLVP} User Guide
@subtitle for version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}
@author Marcel Kyas
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top 

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::                Introduction to @command{oclvp}.
* Invocation::                  How to invoke @command{oclvp}.
* Dependencies::                Compile-Time and run-time dependencies.
* Installation Instructions::   Installation instructions.
* News::                        What's new in @command{oclvp}.
* Licenses::                    Your rights and freedoms.
* Index::                       A concept index.
@end menu

@include intro.texi
@include invoke.texi
@include dependencies.texi
@include install.texi
@include news.texi

@node Licenses
@appendix Licenses

The software is licensed under the terms of the general public license,
the documentation is licensed under the terms of the free documentation
license.

@menu
* Copying::
* GNU Free Documentation License::
@end menu

@lowersections
@include gpl.texi
@raisesections
@include fdl.texi

@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye
